---
rname: Josh
uname: Technach
---

Aurora was the main hub for all of us for the longest time. We were all together, no drama, no "piddo" accusations, no slander, just us, and many, many others being one in a server. It was something special, we had something very little servers had, yes sometimes we we experienced a bit of internal drama along the way but we pulled through just fine. ¬ Since the server was created it's always been something important to me and has always had a special place in my heart, even during it's dark ages. I met many, many people in this server, and strengthened my friendships with people I already know, and got to know people like Sam and Devon a lot more personally. And at a time when I was just some lonely f__k sitting in my room talking to people, Aurora was always there. This sounds stupid, but some of my greatest moments were on Aurora and I'll never forget everything that happened and all the enjoyment we got out of it. But in the end, something like this had to happen. The server had it too good for too long, so myself and Squadron decided to leave. Since then, Devon took over as the main owner, and we were no longer *together*. Devon got f__ked in the head and did some horrible (now forgiven) things to us, so he took Aurora completley into his own hands and thats were the servers downfall began. Of course it was raided later on, and refreshed by Haden, but even then he lost interest and couldn't find time or energy to keep the server alive. The place we once called home was now just this leech trying to feed off of it's former self. In it's current state, the server definetley needed to go. But it will always leave a significant mark in my heart and can now be remembered as the (former) centre on Discord, rather than the dump it left off as. I love you Aurora, I look forward to the future of us as people on Discord and see hope in whatever happens next, on our next big stop on this long road called life.